Spirit, you and I have been together for hundreds of years
I was mistaken. You were the one who killed you.
What about this thing?
Fine! You think I'm a fool.
In vain, I will call you junior brother
You fooled me when I bought pork 300 years ago
Now you still fool me, what's wrong with you?
I spent hundreds of years at Pastoral Gate
I've had enough
Hubba's practice here
You see my hair is gone
Are you not afraid of death?
Even if I die, I will dominate the three worlds
I have magic
Whoever interferes, I will clean up together.
Although this Biquan bracelet can absorb the power of the devil world
Capacity is really limited
Continue to absorb
I'm afraid the bracelet will be destroyed.
Go up
If you want to pull it out, release the devil energy quickly
Ah!
Uh-huh.
Ah, stop it
The magic energy from you has been sucked away
Who is junior brother
Dare to hurt us
Lord Criticism
Subordinates come first
And Anye Ling's tens of thousands of divine shares were immediately driven away
Tell them.
It's not time for them to shoot
Of course, everyone in Tiananmen Square is my classmate.
How can I kill them all?